Add transcript for episode 36 (#358)
haskellfoundation/haskellfoundation.github.io: podcast/36/transcript.markdown

*WS (1:00:00)*: Yeah. Is it even possible? I mean, that’s another question, right? I’m amazed by how I’ve seen Haskell change in the last decade. And it does make you wonder, which is why it’s a hard question to answer, maybe. But an order of magnitude is huge, right? 

*JH (1:00:20)*: Yes, it is.

*WS (1:00:22)*: It’s not easy to achieve.

*JH (1:00:25)*: But it’s okay if it’s achieved over 30 or 40 years.

*WS (1:00:27)*: That’s true. Yes. 

*JH (1:00:30)*: But the question is, how could we make Haskell programmers twice as productive? You just have to do that three or four times. But doing it once, that’s already thought-provoking and challenging.

*WS (1:00:46)*: Who knows? Maybe AI.

> *JH (1:00:49)*: I mean, Verse seems very interesting, where you add logic programming *(1:00:54 unintelligible)* to a language that in some ways is rather like Haskell. I mean, Tim Sweeney is very visionary about the potential of functional logic programming. Maybe there, there’s productivity to be fetched. I don’t know. I think the jury is still out on that one, but it’s certainly something that’s very interesting that a lot of people want to follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*JH (1:00:49)*: I mean, Verse seems very interesting, where you add logic programming elements to a language that in some ways is rather like Haskell. I mean, Tim Sweeney is very visionary about the potential of functional logic programming. Maybe there, there’s productivity to be fetched. I don’t know. I think the jury is still out on that one, but it’s certainly something that’s very interesting that a lot of people want to follow.
```
